General Play:
  openPirates operates in 2 main modes. A window mode and a navgation mode. In the window mode the mouse cursor can be used
  to make selections given by windows. If words start changeing color as the cursor hovers over them then an item is selectable.
  Navagation mode mainly involves directing your ship in the direction you want to go. This mode will include ship/land battles
  in the future. A third mode will involve the fencing part of the game.

Start a game:
  At the start menu there are 3 options:
    1. Start (Quick) a new career?		This option will drop you instantly into the action, and career/timeline decisions are defaults
    2. Start (Normal) a new career?		This option will walk you through the process of starting your career
    3. Continue a saved career?			(NOT IMPLEMENTED)

Begin your career:
    1. Select a time period.			this the timeperiod you will start in. Different times mean different conditions for the nations.
    2. Select a nation.				this is the nationality you originate, but you can always switch sides.
    3. Give a name.				this is the name you will be addressed by. If nothing is given you will go by Incognito.
    4. Select a difficutly level.		this is the starting difficulty, this can be adjusted lower or higher during a divide the plunder event.
    5. Select a special ability.		this is a one time special ability that can give you a advantage in thier respective areas.

Navagation Mode:
    Once youve started a career you will be droped into the navgation mode. You can rotate the ship with the directional keys left and right.
    If you hit land the crew will disembark from the ship and walk on the land. The crew can be moved with the directional keys up/down/left/right.
    When you want to sail again just move the crew into the ship and the ship will begin sailing in the oppisite direction.
    The ship and crew can also enter towns. Simply move them into the town and the town dialog will begin.
    Also during the navgation mode escape can be used to being up the main menu. This will allow you to restart the game, save or load a game (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    or exit the program.

Outside a Town:
    Once arriving at a town a dialog will ask you what you intend to do at the town.
    1. Sail/March into Harbor			enter the town, beware if the nation the town belongs to has a negative view of you it may fire on your ship.
    2. Attack the Town				use your flagship and attempt to land your crew near the town for a battle in the fort. (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    3. Sneak into Town				if a town views you negatively you can attempt to sneak in and visit some of the towns buildings.
    4. Leave the Town				turn around and begin sailing or marching in the navagation mode.

Inside a Town:
    Inside the town (depending how you entered) a dialog will ask you what your buisness in the town will be.
    1. Governor					visiting the governor can result in a number of events.
	a. rewards for past activity that this nation view positivly (also might be an offer for marque or amnesty)
	b. reports of the nation's current relations with other nations (war. peace. allied)
	c. some time with the governor's daughter
    2. Tavern					a source of crew and information
	a. sailors ask to join your crew
	b. traveller with another towns information
	c. seller with pirate treasure map
	d. current events up that point in time (prirate/indian attacks, malaria, gold rush, ... etc)
    3. Merchant					here you can sell goods acquired from trading or privateering
    4. Shipwright				fix and sell ships
    5. Divide the Plunder			once you decide the current cruise is at its end, divide the plunder and begin a new cruise or retire
    6. Information				central area for reviewing all the information regarding your current knowledge of the world and your crew
    7. Leave					return to navgation mode

Information Window:
    1. Continue Travels				leave this menu and return to the previous mode
    2. Party Status				all information related to the crew
    3. Personal Status				current results of your career
    4. Ship's Log				a list of recent events (both world and personal)
    5. Maps					treasure maps (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    6. Cities					a list of all cities and their current status
    7. Take Sun Sight				lost then use this method to determine your location (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    8. Search					search the current location for an important item (treasure, fmaily) (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    9. Save Game				(NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    
Battle Modes
    Sea:
      (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    Land
      (NOT IMPLEMENTED)
    Fencing
      (NOT IMPLEMENTED)